welcome welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
and now time to get into this we have
fits dogs on the way and you ready Jean
whoo ready to have some fun
ready okay here we go here we go pay
attention I'm paying attention during
the ring on I can't because I'm waiting
for a very important phone call okay
here we go
[Laughter]
don't bring anyone
[Music]
Christina
she's retarded is that how you feel when
we're out in public
thank you and I'm embarrassing you and
you want to tell people that I think
it's a boyfriend of a lady who's acting
out and the bus driver asked them to get
off the bus they refused the cops are
right there she spits on one of them oh
dear
so then they kind of like you know push
her back onto the bus to arrest her and
that's when the guys like don't she's
retired she doesn't know what she's
doing
I didn't somebody some piece here on the
on the bus goes it's mentally dissing it
might be one of the guys that's it from
the beginning so here she is and they're
like let's go go okay there you go
there's Christina just leaving during
our show okay that's a fun new way to do
this program who cares about the co-host
I'll just and then I can I can hear her
through there that's awesome
you good oh great great if you want to
join the show that would help I don't
know what call you're waiting for oh
really
no remember when I when the appointment
I went to right before this yeah oh yeah
but you didn't tell me that's the call
you're waiting for oh yeah that's a long
way for okay all right here we go
so here's the lady
you spit towards a copies return is a
good way to get out of behavior that's
not acceptable
you know retarded yeah you say I am
retarded that's another one you should
try well--that's but if you ever do
anything for sure from now on in public
that's not socially acceptable
I'm gonna go she's retarded she's
retarded developmentally disabled yeah
the PC police has to find all the places
on the bus yeah I don't think they did
that I mean the guy who's saying she's
retarded is her boyfriend caregiver or
who's close to her yeah he's not
troubled by the word she's certainly not
disputing it I'm not retarded I'm
mentally disabled all these shit
crying she sounds retarded she's not
manly to say whoa did somebody really
gets upset about it there is that the
cop is that one of the other cops listen
he gets really upset
don't say the word retarded and then
he's like no no she's retarded that is
retarded if you knew her you know how
start I'm with her all the time
she's 24/7 retarded I told you you were
gonna like that made my day
oh that really made my guys guys guys
I'm with her all the time
trust me she's retarded maybe check it
out I just did hot yoga number 12
it's been ruining our home life too many
man it's too many you're gone for hours
every day we're doing 90-minute fucking
classes well I don't get it cuz yeah
let's say your class is like 1
everyone's sick of it by the way I'm
sure he was Joe's idea he's sick of it
he was just so fuckin sick of yoga no
one wants to do 15 classes in a month
about anything until I know now have you
achieved enlightenment of some sort I do
feel like at the end of all the classes
you do have a definite sense of clarity
it's a good it's a good place to go if
you have a decision weighing on your
mind I think like whether or not to call
somebody retarded my only challenge I
would be like so ok you really do what
happens is hot yoga Bikram yoga class a
good portion of it is basically
meditation it's a meditative state which
I think Burt could really benefit from
oh bird especially yeah has he been able
does I think everyone does has he
silenced his monkey mind I don't know I
think so I think he isn't have been a
different
but we should do it we should see them
again soon yeah we should bring him back
and get an update good enough this so
you leave her huh you're like Oh class
is at one I'll be home at 7:00
I'm like what you are so funny thank you
six hours for this audience of what it's
like to be with you in this so classes
are 90 minutes long 90 okay it's hot
yoga in on the class schedule if you go
online it tells you to arrive please
arrive 15 minutes before class okay so
your 90 minutes is now 105 minutes
class doesn't start exactly on time
mostly the class would start you know 5
to 10 minutes after the scheduled time
which means it ends 5 to 10 minutes
after the scheduled time so if you're
talking about driving to this thing
arriving a little bit early doing the
full class when you're done it's 104
degrees in the room it's like you jumped
into a pool and then you gotta let all
those farts out that you've been holding
yeah I let the farts out you gotta take
a shower there's a single shower wait a
minute you're like no cuz you were like
you came home every day and you're like
I'm late because I showered there and I
think all of you shower there I mean
what what yoga I've never heard of you
go so yoga yoga studio honestly or you
could shower after I have never heard of
it but you haven't Bikram Yoga cannot be
Krum but that's what I'm in so
understanding but I'm saying that you
you're like me and the guys we shower
together after and I was like a group
shower and you're like yes a group
shower and I thought that was a little
fishy yeah the ladies shower too so
everybody showers everybody showers yeah
I think the only person that I've seen
not shower there is Bert yeah he just
gets in his car
wait a minute soaking wet but it's not
really a group shower yeah we just hit
pause we're back
Fitzsimmons just came in Fitz dog the
great Greg
and we were talking off mic he's
actually a hot yoga Bikram yoga
practitioners know he loves Greg isn't
it pronounced Bikram yeah okay all right
should I open your mic or no I can't
hear anything
probably number two there we go yeah
that's good yeah I haven't done it a ton
but I used to do it every year I went to
San Francisco because that's where it
kind of started I think yeah and I would
go up and I would do the punch line and
I would always go in on Saturday and do
a hot yoga class and whoa a you know an
eight so is once a year but then I
started doing with a buddy in Venice
they got one in Venice yeah really good
I mean what so I've gone to I went to my
twelfth one of the month today supposed
to 15 yeah so I have to go tomorrow's
number thirteen and then just two more
okay thanks for adding that up I wasn't
sure I don't know so you go one and then
you get good two three four you start at
seven oh because my favorite kids joke
of all time though is why why is five
afraid of six because seven eight nine
okay why 647 cuz yeah you never read
bubblegum wrappers no no and then you
can see more of these if you watch new
special love dad jokes yeah yeah so wait
now is it customary for there to be a
group shower after she thinks it's crazy
that I shout I'm like I'm so I grew into
a pool after this now that's what
happens as a matter of fact I had never
seen my friend Matt Matt Malloy I've
never seen him naked before yeah and I
was okay with it because it wasn't like
we just jumped into a cold lake yeah
we're doing it this was like I had some
nice hang yeah yeah sure I had some nice
puffy flashgun German crowd sweating for
a while in there yeah I know that it's
weird cause like we have a it's a very
small locker room and it's a single
shower so people have to wait and like
some of the guys
walk into the shower stall with their
shorts on yeah and I'm a dick out guy
like I take it off Sharon I stand naked
yeah in the locker room it's kind of
really a separation of like who's a
grown up in here no because like I feel
like the no I'm serious or who's an
immigrant it's a real Russian style my
tribe to be with your dick out yeah yeah
well it's um I was a very skinny kid and
I had I had I hit puberty at like I was
close to 15 I think when I yeah so I
remember freshman hockey I used to go
nice to go to practice not making this
up
I was so embarrassed to even take my
pants off that I used to strap my shin
guards and put my my pants my hip pants
on over my jeans what oh wow and I would
play hockey with my jeans on underneath
that's crazy
excellent cuz I was so embarrassed by my
Twiggy little legs I hairless Twiggy
little legs really you thought you're
gonna be mocked by others like the other
kids I was horrified about my body and
so and then I would hitchhike home
because the rink was like 20 minutes
away and it was New York in the winter
like I would just down the side of the
highway in January trenchless and wet
not yeah the raised her your parent and
one of my teachers picked me up on the
side of 287 and they drove me home was
it was way out of her way to take me all
the way home and then they called my mom
the next day and they were like do you
know that I picked your son up
hitchhiking last night and nine nine
o'clock until he said and my mom went
like well how else was he gonna get home
it's like picked him up and driven them
not only that never bought me any hockey
equipment
I used to bum like old skates off
friends and I remember going through the
garbage in the locker room and finding
broken shin pads and then taping them on
with tape I'd find tape rolls that were
thrown out that weren't completely gone
and I would use those because they never
bought me a piece of sporting equipment
like when I played sports how do they
not buy you I mean while we had money
that's even worse that's even worse
because my mom grew both my parents grew
up in the Bronx and they didn't have any
money and my mom especially like my
grandparents were from Ireland
over here like literally off the boat
right nothing and so my mom grew up with
seven brothers and sisters and just like
penny pinched and she couldn't even
though my father was in radio and he
made good money he couldn't spend the
money the same way how many how many
kids how many siblings did you have a
brother and a sister brothers sisters
yeah everybody had this experience then
that your siblings yeah that's that's
wild yeah is this something you guys
talk about a lot or no there's so many
other things to get to you know that
doesn't that's at the bottom of the list
really now it wasn't that bad as a
matter of fact my my sister has said to
my wife
she doesn't get what me and my brother
complaining about so much cuz she thinks
that everything was bad but but isn't
that funny she's the baby that's why
blings though when you talk about the
shared experience ya always find that
like I have two sisters and I've heard
in different in different scenarios
either one of us having the you know the
totally different version bring you
younger or older I'm a middle I'm the
middle you're the middle but like I I
think I'm I mean I'm the most
even-tempered of the three to begin with
and then like my version of something
will always be usually more like a
recollection will be like that was
pretty normal
yeah and there's will always be like
more heightened and like that more
emotional exaggeration of something I'll
be like no that wasn't well I think I
think you guys know this as parents you
guys have gone through some pretty major
life changes in the last couple years
and I think you deal with a different
set of parents at any given time yeah
and birth-order they say has a huge
affect on how you're treated you know
the first one they're they're nervous
they're scared that kick can be neurotic
they could end up being hyper achieving
because there's so much pressure on them
and then the middle kid can get lost a
little bit because then the younger one
gets the it's the baby we got it you
know and they're the younger one
generally gets treated the best but they
also feel the most pressure to not cause
any issues they're really likeable not
have knees I think that was me and our
family yeah the middle because they were
like the older kid had
or like you know shit going on and
acting out and then the baby was the
baby and the good thing about you is
that you're you're not demanding like to
me you know they were like that's a good
thing about you is that you're a nice
kid
you're easy easy to deal with you're not
causing us any trouble yeah I used to
hear that to really look you right in
the eye when I say that yeah you're nice
everybody likes you cause any price you
don't get drunk you're just taking it
all in good doesn't my marching orders
right of course that's it and I think
they consciously realize that they're
telling you to do that you know I think
they think part of them things like
they're just like telling you how it is
yeah they're actually telling you what
to do yeah you know I don't know if they
process that at the time I think
subconsciously you tell your kids a lot
and I'm starting to become more aware of
that because my kids are so different my
son is like boom straight A's captain
the soccer team captain the club soccer
team girlfriend steady friends the
nicest most even kill like I literally
couldn't tell you what I would change
about this kid and that sometimes I
wonder am I
is he being that way because we're
subtly demanding that of him right the
perfection right because he's almost too
good right yeah and you're not aware of
it obviously you know you don't know
until later when your kids tell you that
you were a bad parent
there's no way you were bad you weren't
bad I got has an effect on them gone
every other weekend but your wife is
there right so some full-time mom for 17
yeah so somebody's always there same
with Tom and I we take turns traveling
but one of us is always there yeah I
think that's the key right yeah no we
don't both and don't let your kids
hitchhike don't you love how that that's
this very far general but that people
hate right I grew up here in the San
Fran hitchhike I just saw some like a
grown man
yeah who's who's doing that are you
doing I hitchhiked I used to I used to
work as a caddy at a golf course that
was like 15 minutes away yeah and I used
to get up at like 6 o'clock in the
morning and I would get on the road and
I would hitchhike to work and then I
would caddy like
oops I was like 14 years old and I was
riding two loops two giant bags I told
you how skinny I was
yeah and then I would hitchhike home who
would pick up because you got a bunch of
rides so sometimes it took a long time
really yeah
was it questionable people picking you
up usually or I never had a bad
experience that was no my friend Pete
who is my best friend we hitchhiked
together a lot yeah and he had a guy he
went he went school in the Bronx and so
he had a guy pick him up two different
guys twice picked him up that we're
jerking off Wow yeah I could see that
happening a lot but yeah four guys
here's the crazy thing about this whole
what's his name Harvey Weinstein Thea
and knots as you know and you had some
very interesting opinions on it when
yeah thank you steam did my podcast the
other day and I thought you had some
very brave takes on it
me it's meaning she would blow my fridge
[Laughter]
encourage scarring I mean if it's a big
enough film that's what I'm saying yeah
like a big Hollywood show me the dick
film for some film kidding me yeah
that's not when I needed a ride and he
gave me that right I wouldn't mind it
that's what I'm saying yeah that's what
I'm saying and so I know a comedian who
was kind of mentored by another comedian
and the older comedian brought him over
his apartment one night and he just
started jerking off in front of them and
the guy just left yeah and he fucking
still considers him like a mentor yeah
yeah it's just like all right so the guy
it's it's almost like you know believe
me I'm not belittling the Harvey
Weinstein thing or any but do I need to
even say when I'm in the middle of
saying no but I think again I think it's
a funny thing about guys is like guys
forgiving guys doing like guys can also
feel like somebody could act violently
right yeah a man and it wouldn't be like
I'm gonna stay away from that guy for
the rest of my life and a guy can act
violently in front of another guy like a
friend I'm saying and he'll still like
he'll get over he'll be like oh I had
fistfights with like you know you guys
externalize your anger he you know he
punched the hole in that wall and broke
that guy's jaw but yeah he's a good guy
I used to fist fights with my close
friends and we would get over it I mean
it would take a week yeah and then we'd
be over it yeah yeah but I hear stories
about guys jerking off in front of each
other - like sleepover parties when
you're you've heard the story yeah like
I never heard those stories my guy
friends really yes we used to have
sleeping bags we'd sleep on either side
of the bed and we'd watch some movie and
then we both sure babe that's me yeah no
I used to go over across the street to
my friend's house I won't say his name
but but we would he would have you know
everyone be his sleeping bags and then
we would put on the spice Channel but
spice didn't come in you it's no you're
right and then you'd get like some some
get a random yeah get a random shot and
then everyone no one would be like hey
check me out
but everyone would be like humping the
floor or like you could you could feel
you know all the wrestling and the
sleeping bags and then he was like pass
out and that was like a sleepover on
like a Friday Saturday night for a year
or two that was happening talked about
yeah I wasn't like people haven't
because it was at the age of like
starting to do that in other words like
it's not like you're 15 16 you've been
doing it for a while it's like 10 11
years old so it you wouldn't even know
early they're here hit puberty I guess
that was 21 yeah that's I was Corey
Corey Greg I mean 15 years old and that
kicks in like did you have some kind of
pituitary thing or why don't know what
no I'm just like I'm not even I didn't
have hair for a long time and you know I
have kind of a high voice I'm I'm a
feminine man and what I've always tried
to overcompensate
you're really not but I've always tried
to overcompensate by being tough and
like being aggressive like a little cock
sharp tongue a little sharp tongue but
you know that's all hiding a you know
early years of having a shame with my
body yeah thank you know what um in our
high school so I switched high schools
and when I arrived at high school I'm a
freshman us I switched during my
freshman year and after the first
football practice I'm a freshman but I'm
playing with you no I'm on the varsity
team because we're we're doing a spring
ball
so yeah I'm playing for the first time
in spring football on the varsity team
so people are getting after practice
taking their pads and their stuff off I
noticed all the guys going into the
shower with their boxers on and like
it's so weird so what happens is nobody
wanted to shower naked but why just they
were just it was I don't know but here's
the thing like I'm a freshman so I came
from I switched from a school where
everybody was showering naked because
it's a shower but since I switched and
there's upperclassmen wearing boxers in
the shower I just kept my boxers on -
because you didn't want to be the person
who's insisting on being naked yeah so
people showered with their boxers on and
then took their boxers off once they had
a towel around them no we interesting
yeah and this is this is like I'm 14 and
these are like 17 18 year old guys mmm
shout showering in their boxers you
think actually for the shower that the
most integral part of the shower is the
asshole on the ball the only reason yeah
and those boxers it's so net football
boxers like they you just ran around and
just you know it's just gnarly yeah yeah
Wow and nobody except for it like by the
time I was a senior the one kid who we
suspect it was gay and definitely turned
out to be gay was walking around without
boxers was it that was the only kid and
he had a big fucking dick on him too so
he was like hey what's up it's out here
I spent so little time around naked guys
at the Friars Club I used to belong at
the Friars Club in New York yeah and
they have the best steam room in New
York City it's like this old marble and
this is gonna sound crazy but I swear to
god this is true you go in and it's so
old-school Jewish that when you walk in
you put on a towel and you sit down and
then this this Yugoslavian guy comes in
this old Yugoslavia and I and he brings
you ice water and a towel that's been
dunked in ice and he hands it to you and
so you sit there and and it's completely
bald once you get in the
it falls out yeah and so it's all these
old dudes and their sacks are like
hanging over the bench and towards the
floor and they're you know their penis
you can tell they have a big penis or it
just melted yeah
his skin is flapping over fuckin and
yeah gravity and life is just yeah yeah
these bodies and these splotches of hair
sometimes you know you have they shaved
their the hair just fall out yeah and so
and so you've finished with the shower
and then you walk to the shower you
finished with the steam and you walk to
the shower and they've these giant
fucking marble sided showers with them
with a manhole cover sized shower head
on it low and it blasts like a thousand
gallons a second you feel it's like it's
like being at a civil rights riot
there's German Shepherds barking
underneath and then you shout and then
you and then I would jerk off a lot not
because I just saw this dicks just
because I was like 22 and I was just
jerking off all the time and so I would
jerk off and then I would come out and
the Yugoslavian guy would wait for you
and you have a dry towel and he would
put it around your shoulders and then he
would pat you dry your neck what and
your arms then your back then your butt
and our legs and feet he would pop is
that is that yes it is
so in Hungary oh yeah tip him every day
when you leave yeah it's normal in
Hungary there's the thermal baths it
because the Turks were in Hungary at
some point and so they have the you know
famous Aguilera total and you you get
buck naked and and yeah someone Pat's
you down they're very hands on they get
very hands on don't you dare get a
massage at the Giller because that's
like you know your your buck naked and
then like the the big lady will open the
curtain and like people will be walking
by yeah and you're just getting slapped
and slathered soap it's it's they're not
as squeamish as Americans are about the
body definitely yeah I think the Irish
are very squeamish I think it's probably
a Catholic thing yeah yeah yeah I've
always yeah it took me a long time I'm
not I'm still not comfortable with my
body but should we get naked once I'll
get naked I'll go with you not right now
that's what I'm saying yeah
we'll do how you're gonna get I'll tell
you after having a kid I don't give a
shit and I think it's because you when
you give birth you're wide open and like
I was pushing Ellis out as I was pushing
the nurses had a shift change so is look
like five new people got to see my couch
I don't care I'm done my body is a
functional thing yeah like I don't feel
weird about it yeah I think I feel less
weird than I used to you know like I
I used to benchpress a lot because that
was how I overcame being skinny is like
in college I actually got kind of not
big but you know bigger and the worst
thing about that is then you get older
and you your tits fall and and and you
know and it's just so fucking
embarrassing to the point where you get
so embarrassed that you stop being
embarrassed right yeah you just let go
into it yeah that's right surrender
surrender to your ugly shitty yeah
that's that thing you would and that's
what you end up it's funny because you
would I party you admirers I do like the
notably flawed person who really doesn't
care you know I mean and then you're
like I want to be like that and then
sometimes you become like that and
you're like oh I just don't care anymore
Bobbie Lee well and if you do notice if
if you go on vacation or to any ocean or
pool
most people have shitty bodies that's
right that's right it's a small section
that I'm good
and when I do see them I think I'm glad
I'm looking at their body but I think to
myself how much time and work went into
their life altering this moment yeah
yeah yeah you know how many moments do
people get to see their body like when
we saw perfect perfect perfect dad
fucking like sweetie
Adonis for sculpted everything with the
V yeah fucking the lower you know the
lower abs V right good to eat and yeah
and he holding one kid and walk with the
other we're like yes beautiful
motherfucker you have time to do to work
out and his wife was like okay there's
like an okay shape but this dude was
just I mean he looked I was like I bet
this guy's an Olympian yeah that's
that's the type of build he had but like
he stood out amongst hundreds you know
like everybody else was dog shit
how do you feel with the body change
that you've just gone through I mean do
you feel like you want to go out on the
beach and show people your body no no I
I think it's you know it's different I
was actually telling someone about it's
like you the change happens with with
like with your weight and everything
slowly yeah and I think it just you kind
of get reinforces to you like oh like
this still sucks pretty badly like my
body I'll be like oh like you're still
so pretty fat and it's been a lot of
weight is gone but then I I always try
to remind myself of like how getting out
of shape actually took a long time
because what happens is like when you're
in it when you really are like really
eating well and working out it can be
frustrating when you just some random
day you're like I haven't eaten poorly
in a month and I've done nothing but
work out and I'm and you just see like
your fat shitty flaws uh-huh like that
sucks but then you go like yeah but to
get out of shape it wasn't like I ate
three bad meals you know I mean it was
neglect and sitting and eating shitty
food for years to put on that weight so
yeah a month or two months or six months
is not going to be like all that all
that bad shit is gone it takes a long
long time yeah yeah but I think I mean
with me like I definitely don't feel
like oh wow this is like I joke around
you know like I'll tease Burt and you
know but like I know I feel like I'm in
terrible you look great
Tommy I mean I compliment you every day
you do you look great well thanks
handsome like your face was so different
your body looks fantastic I think I mean
you look great heavy I thankfully I like
you both ways oh yeah like a skinny yeah
you definitely tolerated that tolerate
it yeah how about your body you sucked
off the the mom you weight fast thank
you yeah I got real fat now you know you
just don't eat carbs or sugar or have
fun no alcohol you're suffering it's
just so you have to suffer that's just
it
yeah there's no easy way right you just
suffer well I guess it's a matter of
like your palate I think for some people
you get addicted to carbs and so their
withdrawal from carbs and sugars is
very intense intense and I think for
some people they just were never that
into carbs so it's not that big a deal
either yeah when I think about yeah I've
had I I'm not even gonna say out loud
what I want to say why well no I should
because I can tell you how horrifying it
was to be that skinny when I was little
I literally eat anything that I want
yeah no I get it man baguette but
everyone had like I don't know man
everyone has their own issue with
different things yeah so it's like I've
never had for me it's definitely food
and I definitely was eating a crate like
I was thinking about once you make a
transition and and for a while you're
conscious of your eating and you go how
I used to eat was so insane yeah oh yeah
and like what about like eating with
normal people and and like they would
you know they would like a regular
person would see one of my meals as like
an indica vacation meal today
I do this every day I would eat just
like with I just no regard for it if you
mean like a regular meal at a restaurant
what you would order like an appetizer
an entree and a dessert 100% yeah and
like and and maybe like order another
thing that like I just want to try that
and and like another entree or side
maybe both
no sure but I wouldn't even like I
wouldn't fucking even process it and
like I would have if I was on the road I
would have breakfast I would have
something like rich and fatty but then I
would be like I got some sweet so I have
like a waffle and then like if they're
like have you seen this bakery that has
like they have amazing croissants I'd be
like let's go let's go try it yeah I
mean I think I'm gonna throw up was wait
like an hour yeah and then when I'm done
I want to digest like I just wouldn't I
wouldn't think that I wouldn't even
think it was that much of an indulgence
yeah I would think remember you know
Tommy we used to at our old house and
beg and redonda the sand we saw you we
used to make brownies I would I would
bake brownies like every night and then
every night and then we would eat like
half the tray nice and hot put some ice
cream on that I'm certain I'm like well
no wonder you know we got bit here's the
other thing before I was before we
invited the public to shame us about
being fat like Bert and I specifically
and we did this weight loss challenge
yeah dude when I would post things on
social media maybe one out of 400
comments would be about being fat nobody
would say anything to me nobody was like
you're fat one person might you know you
beg all those guys a dick because you're
built to be fat you got the bill I have
a big a great thing to say you're right
if you are built to be so people would
just be like it's fine
yeah built to be fat that's a good name
for a special t-shirt shot I just shot
in a special and and I submitted the
title but I think it might I mean you've
got the face for it you've got a big
head yeah yeah shoulders are broad and
then you had a beard into that forget it
yeah you know what I might do put on a
hundred pounds and have another spell
[Laughter]
right well yeah I mean what's her name
got pregnant again to do her next
special you know people are gonna say
that too yeah but it's a ticking clock
she's got to get the SPECIAL done you
know yeah I mean how old's the other
baby her baby's like - oh it's - already
yeah baby's her baby's going to be - in
like it right right yeah she's uh she's
so fucking funny she's right great
person so okay so I have a gift for you
guys
why because you know um when you had the
baby and Christina reminded me of this
when I came on I got you guys a wipe a
genie was a wiper the wiper warm raipur
warm which by the way has become our
goat cheese gift for expected that's
great yeah we think of it as like oh
this is what a comic should get yes yes
and it's like you know when
you think about a baby and you think
about how little control they have about
joy and all that stuff a hot wipe on the
asshole is the best it's just every
single time it would put the baby in a
good mood yeah and I got it if you're
about to give me a notebook full of
jokes I'm super appreciative because I
have I need a new hour and I really well
you remember that movie feel the dream
to think if you build it they will come
yes it's an empty notebook ah but here's
what it is is this book right here look
in this this is what I kept since the
start because how old is your kid now
nine months no he's almost two years old
shut the fuck up yeah he's almost to
what god damn alright so I might be a
little late with this but not too late
we started this somebody gave us this
when when the when I first get started
talking and if you write down every
quote every cute thing that they say a
meaningful thing and we've got it for
years and so I got you guys the same
book have you been keeping record of
well I opened up an email account for
Ellis when he was born and we email him
we write we set him photos quotes of
things that now say like today we did
this yeah like you said that yeah this
is fantastic then and I brought it I
brought mine so I could read you a
couple of good ones for my kids it said
we'll start this is special because it's
handwritten from mommy and daddy that is
very much like I was talking about this
like as we get like I'm 38 and like I
have you know every year like your
appreciation in your relationship with
your parents change yeah like if I was
my eighth like right now reading this
that my parents wrote yeah and I have
such an impact on already know this
thing is dog-eared because my kids
they're at they're 17 and 14 like to sit
around I read this long oh there's
nothing kids when they're adolescents
like more than to see pictures of
themselves and hear what they were like
they love stories about themselves
because they don't
who they are yet right right right and
they think it's hysterical when when you
show them that they were cute
all right oh and what was tired and he
said mommy more snores please you want
to take a nap oh and that's like so and
he said I find a good one
this was the the quote that we still
quote almost constantly we were in the
airport and we're flying from New York
back to LA and we had to get up super
early and Owen was three ish and he was
cranky and we've got some breakfast but
we tried to give them good food so we
tried to find oatmeal we couldn't find
it and so we ended up having to buy him
a chocolate muffin and so we'd give it
to when he was so excited he was like
shaking and then we said but you can't
eat the whole thing and I took the top
off I said you can just eat the part
that's in the thing and he goes to this
day we constantly say you don't know all
the rules about whatever it is they were
talking that's adorable tell me if this
is too corny
I just don't know we love it I'm gonna
do this for an amen because he just
started talking he just started really
Leonard
run your finger along you crack if you
were off you don't need to finger yo you
don't want to come back home shit on
your finger this is Owen when he was six
I was carrying out a plate of fresh-cut
pineapple and he said come on daddy
let's go eat some heaven yeah I like I
think my favorite thing too is that he
enjoys reading this but that's really
yeah this is Jojo when she was about six
violets mom her friends black my
father's mom has really curly hair and
wide fingernails but that's okay because
she's an extremely nice person you know
he was not not
racist she was not a racist kid but you
know yeah black and white is black and
white for sure and then this is another
black and white one this is Owen before
watching a Michael Jackson video is he
gonna be black or white in this one and
then after watching the video he said I
like his hair better after the fire he
was already slinging them then this is
Jojo the first week of school when she
was in kindergarten everyone at school
is always having fights to play with me
I hate myself because it's like I'm
starting wars book oh yeah I feel like
it yeah we should keep it in like the
kitchen or yeah yeah and then she had
like all of her friends were black for
some reason growing up maybe it's
because we live in a really poor
neighborhood no we live in Venice so
there's a lot of like you know diversity
but she says mommy why do I like all the
dark ones the best and then this is uh
here's a little one-act play after date
my kids make fun of me going bald
constantly it's their go-to thing till
now oh yeah yeah but this is when they
were really little
yeah judge was making fun of my hair
falling out and then Owen said don't
listen to Jojo teasing you and I said
thanks Owen and he went you're welcome
Baldy all right I'm not gonna keep it's
really horrible yeah we're gonna do it
thank you for that yeah I remember that
wanting to learn who I was and what I
was like and I thing is that you feel
like yeah it's true it's like they it
gives you it gives you a sense of
identity to know why well because our
memories are so selective yeah I mean
I've read this thing about interviewing
eyewitnesses for jury pools and not your
polls for eyewitnesses for trials and
our ability to truly remember what
happened is like
point one percent it's like you know
when and when you're talking about your
childhood with all the emotions that go
around it and you hear other people
telling the story about you so it's
really their version of who you were and
so to have the actual quote from them
shows them as close to you as you can
get to who they really are and
especially when my daughter's racist is
something positive like a positive
quality I think we're and like if you're
in that age where maybe you're you know
I don't know you're maybe you're young
teen and you're shy and you're not sure
of yourself and they tell and you hear a
story about your you being a little kid
doing something where you were assertive
yeah it's like that gives you confidence
yes you go like oh like who I really am
is the story you're telling you know
change it changes the way you feel about
yourself right and my parents told me a
story when I was a kid because I grew up
with a lot of black kids too and there
was a kid with the black there was a kid
who invited me to his birthday party and
then I found out that he didn't invite
our friend his name was yummy a wallaby
he was from Africa didn't invite yummy
and so I said to the kid who was like my
best friend but his mother didn't want
yummy there I said I wouldn't go to the
party and I was only like seven you
think if this kids not going up he's not
going on I go because I figured in the
musical sock and nobody could dance I
went to high school kid name of Fuma
obituary that's funny I was asking my
dad to reminisce when I gave birth to
Ellis I was like dad like what was I
like how much did I weigh when I was
born he goes I don't know normal I'm his
only child like you remember the one
right yeah where they did they have a
lot of pictures of you Friday yeah yeah
you must have been a cute little kid I
was really attractive yeah yeah yeah God
really cutie the gothy are set
oh yeah real dark what was that like 12
13 the darkness the darkness came over
me let me ask you this because this is
good to know my daughter now that she's
14 is going into that place where she
comes in the front door and is in a room
very quickly and you don't see her
except for dinner and you know she's
actually very sweet but she can be pissy
towards my wife when does that end and
are you were you aware that you were
doing that and did you feel bad about it
later I don't feel bad about it because
I was hiding from my family I didn't
like being around them yeah my family's
different than what you guys had by far
like what you have rather a lot of it is
highschool drama
did she just start high school yeah yeah
so I think a lot of it is like what
happened at school and she might be
talking to her girlfriends about it like
oh my god and then he did this or we did
that like you're analyzing a lot of what
happened - you've got a breakdown - yeah
so that could be I think that's really
it's it's like this girl world that you
inhabit in that age so it ends when you
research realize you're not the center
and like it doesn't matter like by 16 I
think you're like oh I'm not the only
human around and mommy that's quick to
get out of it my really bad my senior
year really bad yeah - I'm saying like
with like kind of being rude and shitty
to my parents and they were over at
before high school ended yeah and and
they did feel bad and felt even worse
later once they had kids well before
you've been having kids like once you're
like in your 20s they they would feel
like really guilty about how shitty
their attitudes were yeah yeah like they
feel really bad because like they were
like you know like super embarrassed of
them and like just like here and they
were just snapping all the time yeah
[Applause]
she's in ninth grade she's in ninth ray
yeah that's a hard year first year of
high school so it's like this huge leap
into becoming a teenager like a legit
teenager so yeah it was the best I might
make you feel better so this uh this we
were sent this video this lady she there
she and her boyfriend were asked to
leave a bus
and then she didn't want to leave the
bus so the police are outside the bus
and then she spit towards the cop her
boyfriend
well her boyfriend is trying to get this
is the boyfriend is trying to get her
off like trying to get the policeman to
not arrest her just by repeating that
she's retarded so she's not accountable
[Music]
and did you see the PC police step in
and go mentally disabled yeah don't even
somebody an op was saying that no it's
another bus rider is like the word is
developmentally disabled and he
continues like throughout as they bring
her off the bus
she's not about money I heard it he's
correcting the guy that's trying to help
her that's clearly her guardian right
yeah yeah
speaking of which we're doing a benefit
Kristina and I think you're out of town
remember 8th at the Comedy Store for the
best buddies that's cool which is a
group of development will be enable
people never benefited cool but it's
gonna be Rogen you Oh Tony Hinchcliffe
and Pete Holmes Wow all-star plus a
black act to be named later
you gotta get I'll be in New York I
would love to go yeah it'll be fun it'll
be your tickets November 8 November 8
yeah definitely support that so we will
catch you up on something that's been
it's rolling into this week a few weeks
ago somebody sent us this guy who
walking down the street decided he was
gonna write a song into camera and it
there wasn't a lot going on in the song
he just trying to sing that song trying
to shoot my song okay I have another
beatdown for you try to practice
practice my own songs my production to
my song coming out you know here we go
I'll see it she's retarded
she's what then she was then that got a
gun I got again yeah I got a gun
terminating their gun
yeah machines broke this machine's worth
in t16 t16 trying to rake my rap trying
to make my rep John fuck so much fuck
machines with this machines worth it
chains with my street I don't give
so that you can't tell me you don't like
don't ya like a little bit I can tell
he's like if dj khaled was actually
dumber so we knew it would happened we
get we get of all the podcasts the most
amazing song submissions so last week
how that was made specifically for your
show so but we know that like whenever
we play like you know we play like she's
retarded clip yeah like someone will
make a song out of that snow and like
some of them are legit so I'm predict
production people you know they'll just
[Music]
this is a certified classic I've been
having machines within stuck in my head
for last two genes with it catchy though
right sounds like a vibrator store yeah
it it's incredible and more machines
within came in this here's a gun
yeah the terminate again let's see what
this one is here
[Music]
ow
incredible that's it
this is a by the way this is machines
within metal by machine
they made a real did like he put a band
together and no so what happens is like
okay
so for like the first few what happened
was people took the audio that we played
of this guy walking down the street just
means within and they created a song out
of that in other words they they looped
in beats and they and they made a song
out of it this one right here I don't
know if on that one right there they
actually sang it themselves or well they
distorted it or not I don't know it's
pretty in but like this guy right here
just submitted this also so here's a
little different take on machines which
I mean it's gonna be the folk on it big
fans saw you guys saw Tom and Indy and
it was an amazing time we kept seeing
machines with him all day so
[Music]
that's amazing that's by Kyle she's with
invite Kyle so good that's impressive
haters impressive men I mean those guys
inspiring Ben these two how'd I know is
gonna be fun I don't know that I knew
you did nail that that's amazing that's
my pick
Oh God and they both work yeah that's
the thing these guys found a way to make
this song work it's all about the
producer man it's all about the guy
definer well do you guys put out an
album what's a year no we do a Christmas
my own songs my production it's like a
guys stalling before an oral exam
Oh
crazy this is a what's jeans what's fake
DJ meet farts unbelievable what's how it
CJ meet farts has a good little sound
system yeah that t16 is the doulton
terminator
yeah of course so someone eroded my
husband Stewart is an avid listener your
mom's house he listens while working he
came home the day machines within
episode was played it's always been
singing the song is stuck in my head I
have to listen to it it's hard to get
down dirty and he's missing it seems
what it is all I'm hearing beforehand as
the previous writers submitted that
Juggalo has tapped into something in my
husband and now I'm afraid of my husband
is a gonna convert to Juggalo ISM you
guys are an awful influence to my 27
year old husband much-loved Christie
Christie it's infected all of us machine
has changed yeah if I do kill multiple
people that will be when I come do you
want to know something that guy posted
another video of a new song for
Halloween I am the mass murderer of
mayhem mass murderer my song is called
the mass murder of the grave Oh
so far that's murder of the grave the
mass murderer of the grave of the grave
as can be mass murderer of the grave as
can be mass murder makes me you know
what's great in joke writing you really
had to make your premise clear and
that's what he does with songs yeah he's
like the rock really sets it up yeah
here's what the song is about well and
for people that aren't watching he has
his blood on his face in his clothes I
mean way to bury the lead on that I know
we did leave that out yeah
yeah mass murder
I'm the mass murder to the grave from
the grave to the grave mass murder from
the grave
yeah mass murder from the NRA is gonna
be defending this guy soon mass murder
from the grave I'm chopping the first
mass murderer makes me cool mass
murderer makes me cool cool cool can be
cool oh my god I mean how is it possible
this guy's two for two in the hips in
the grave the mass murderer from the
grave I wouldn't agree experiencee from
hell hello chaos ask do you think he
could do live you think you'd do a live
show I think yeah if you could book him
as your opener is all you're saying yeah
I mean like do you think you could
handle it's a good five minutes
try to get me shut up once you're
onstage though wait how did they hear it
did you play this in a previous episode
somebody found video mass murder from
chopping the first mass murder who mass
murder makes me cool yeah mass murder
makes me cool no hate much love that is
a no chase with that song thank you no
chase thanks everybody's sending in your
machines with n remixes those were
really good looking forward to she's
retarded songs next week they're really
good this guy does have a gift for the
idea though I'm saying this Juggalo guy
yeah there's he does have a gift of
putting together like silly catch things
silly catchy yes he could write jingles
maybe you know he could write for the
insane
clarin Posse maybe yeah I mean your
that's quite a leap but I'm with the
Jimmy what's his dick in that Oh Jimmy
Iovine yeah no right did you watch that
Defiant ones on HBO about Jimmy Iovine
and dr. Dre like a for now so good man
yeah there's story Jimmy Iovine story is
just bananas yeah it's so it's it's it's
insane what like how he got into being a
record producer you know he was like
cleaning up a studio yeah for a job like
after out like just mopping right and
then they're like you know I run a board
yeah he was like no and the guy shows
him how to run a board that's amazing
just like in Italy like one thing into
the next then he's sitting there like
engineering a Springsteen album Wow and
then he tells the story oh that's right
yes Bracey talks about it in his book
it's wild yeah and how about I think it
was i'veeen his Catholic and it was like
a Easter or there one of the guys was
like you need to come that we need you
here today he's like it's Easter Sunday
and the guy was like fucking come to the
studio yeah and his family was like come
on you're not leaving on and this year
he's young he's like in his early
twenties and he goes in and it's for
it's a Lenin session Wow yeah so he's
sitting there like look he's like I just
said fuck yeah and just he was are you
kidding me you know he just went in damn
well that's the thing I always tell
young people now that you hit a certain
age and you talk to a lot of young
people about you know they everybody
wants advice and everyone and and it's
it's hard because if you catch me on a
bad day and this has happened
I've talked kids out of going into show
business yeah my friend Tom asked me to
talk to his son and he wanted to go into
comedy writing and I read his script and
it was okay
it was okay yeah and in this business
it's got to not just be good it's got to
be excellent and it's got to be original
there has to be like you know like
somebody a spec script it gets traction
in this town is like somebody will take
a Partridge Family episode from 1971 and
then they'll put in
Isis as Cara like you have to come up
with shit that's crazy right and then on
top of it be so well written and so and
I just said to him I go look man you got
a college degree there's just there's so
many other things to do but his father
who's black got really upset with me
he's like dude what did you fucking tell
my son and I was like I'm sorry man it
was a bad day it was a bad day for ya
but I get that I totally get that
I did you know what I did once this is I
mean like I don't think I did the wrong
thing I picked the wrong time was I told
a comic who was booked by a club that
was emceeing to not do so much crowd
work Oh with that well I told him
because he was doing it every show yeah
and um it was like Saturday between the
first and Late Show where I look bad
someone's gonna type something that's
gonna taste at some point and like you
should know that like when you're on a
headliner show like this like you really
don't it shouldn't be up to you to just
decide to do ten minutes ago correct and
he was like and I go I'm not trying
telling you this to to be rude but like
you're you're basically dictating that
like that's the tone of what they're
about to see you know you're actually
making it it's not even really fucking
up my show but it's like the middle act
who on this hierarchy is definitely
above you is now like putting this thing
where he's like has to adapt to your
crowd work exactly not only that now you
meet you and the featurette have to
watch him every show to see so you don't
talk to the same people he's talked to
it's so I I did it in like a nice way
yeah but man he was shell-shocked and I
couldn't tell right away he went up
there and bombed and then afterwards
like you know I I didn't say much to him
after his set but after the show he was
like I go dude like somebody was going
to tell you that and they might not have
even been as nice about it as I was yeah
I said but you think you can just get on
like fucking bill Birds show and just be
like I'm just gonna do fucking crowd
work yeah go you can't do that shit yeah
and he was like really I go it's not
like this was like a showcase thing do
what you want you know as 20 comics
going up
they go but like this is not that show
this is a weekend show and he was like I
guess you know I just I guess you
telling me it like two minutes before I
went up kind of threw me like well
you're like the big scary headliner
I felt I felt bad about the timing of it
yeah I was like yeah I guess I know
where it's powerful for a young comic to
hear from a you know a legend yeah you
go well you tell especially if you tell
them like right if someone tell you
something right yeah well I I always do
this thing when I'm on the road and I
don't know when I started doing it but
every time the emcee and sometimes I met
the emcee for - enough to get my my
intro yeah because if it's the first
night I just haven't spent time with him
yeah and I always will go he'll go Greg
Fitzsimmons then I come up and then when
he shakes your hand when he walks off I
always go thanks faggot and then I do my
set and I never talk about it and then
the next time I go up I'll go
thanks homo yeah and I just keep any
thanks cocksucker and I'd do it each
time yeah and they never bring it up and
then this one guy comes up to me
Saturday night between shows he's like
he goes did I do something
did I do did I go long I keep thinking
that I did that bit that similar to
yours and is did that make you mad he he
was going through what I what it could I
never imagined anybody would take it as
anything but a J of course of course
I can imagine though if you're that guy
the anxiety he probably had because that
guy I was doing crowd work with that guy
and I kind of like back down and I
thought that maybe that's why you kept
calling me that it's like I didn't have
the heart to tell him I didn't watch all
of his sets yeah you know that that's
the other one is when they sometimes
they're like Saturday the MC will be
like you see the set I go not once
that's the holy you guys are terrible
people and then I'm like I just I can't
watch it's hard because sometimes if i
watch the feature and he's got it he's
got a bit that's really close to mine it
depresses me because I realize this kid
is in Oklahoma and he's
feature and we're thinking the same joke
yeah so I don't even care if we repeat a
similar joke like I used to watch so I
didn't repeat a joke and now I just
figure it's more detrimental to even
know true that comedy is this easy and I
think it's so hard right right and then
you're like that good yeah well you're
like that's one of my that's a good
there's no original thought at the time
like dammit I found when lightning in a
bottle it's depressing I thought it went
today actually when I was on the toilet
and I wrote it on my phone which is Yelp
is essentially like you can tell a lot
because I was yelping hot water heaters
weenie they're not new hot water heater
and you just see the range of opinions
that people can have about a piece of
hardware and that you know any given
case a factory worker didn't put a nut
on ER didn't and so it doesn't make the
company evil it just means that there's
a variance and quality of things cure
but it becomes like a Rorschach test for
the person that's doing the reviewing
yeah it's always like this hot water
heater makes me feel lonely this thing
gets me laid that's true so I want to
put really innocuous things on Yelp and
just SEPA how people like friendship
yeah see how people how do you yell
friends how do you yell that's true
because it is one big projection your
experience of something in like the
particular form of rejection and you can
always look for the negative it's
something or you can't for the positive
yeah
we've been by the way we've email we put
out there a bunch of these questions
that originally we put out I think like
how did what blind people know when
they're done wiping yeah and then blind
people would write in and tell us
they're like how did deaf people wake up
in the morning and last week we asked
about how do card a lot of dumb
questions Greg's you know how do cops
handcuff a one-armed guy like when they
have a one-armed guy we got the answer
hey mommy's I'm a police officer on the
East Coast and explaining you how to cut
a one-armed perp first option is to cut
off one hand and put the other cuff off
cuff off one hand put the other cuff on
a belt loop on the opposite side of
their genes
if they're foolishly not wearing their
jeans high and tight then they just get
cuffed to a stationary immovable object
thanks and the Canadian answer I didn't
know we had a different answer there but
hold their hand police okay on your
recent party I heard you as police had
to handcuff someone with one one hand
I'm a police officer in Canada and
recently helped arrest a one-handed man
no way
the short answer to the question is we
can't just come specifically prohibits
this because it is considered it can
cause fat people with respiratory
problems we are issued nylon leg
restraints they are useless if the
rested person if the arrested person it
also is not handcuffed because they can
just bend over and take the harm the
only restraints that when you consider
acceptable are the metal shackles that
would cut his cuff his hand to the front
and have us a long chain reaching around
down to the ankles they're loosely
cuffed together patrol cops don't carry
shackles so we just shoved him into the
back of the video hope this helps and
thanks for the great podcast Justin well
thank you both
Brimley and justin for the Nepean
one-armed and overweight it couldn't get
worse yeah and committing crimes you're
just like being in your arrested just
like your life is just shit you know if
you're in jail you're fat and you got
one arm yeah I was watching Trudeau on
the internet you know there you know
that Canadian band The Tragically Hip
yeah it's like Canada's pride right and
the lead singer died and here's like
sweet-ass Trudeau crying about this lead
singer did you see him women couldn't
love him anymore
yeah I was like imagine if Donald Trump
liked our stupid president but bunch of
faggots crying get it together
yeah like oh my god what a difference
and I know he's got a military guys go
down and he doesn't even take it
seriously
I do that thing this this morning brutal
where the widow of the
the Gov the soldier that died was on
like Good Morning America and she was
like yeah that that account that
Frederica Wilson gave of how the
president spoke is spot-on that's brown
icon and he and she was what made me
really sad was that he couldn't remember
my husband's name and he immediately
tweeted I spoke to her and I never
hesitated about his name from the very
beginning like he tweeted that yeah boy
the amazing thing is there was a witness
to the first call so number one what's
the agenda of a fallen soldiers parent
to lie about the fright of President
United States right and then you've got
corroboration from a congresswoman not
just Johnny you know yeah shithead in
the back of the van like no for this
woman she was on the call it was
speakerphone her aunt her uncle the
congresswoman and the driver yeah five
people yeah she's like nope he's like
that's not what happened crazy yeah why
would it's true that's not even your
priority to call out the president at
that moment well then it all started
because he was taking shots at Obama
saying that I he didn't used to call me
while Obama called everyone of them
followed up with a letter and usually
called back six months later so why go
after first of all it's like it's like a
lawyer says don't ask a question you
don't know the answer to
don't attack Obama on something that you
don't know the answer to especially when
you're actually guilty of it yourself
yeah well he's a sociopath that's crazy
his total is banana
she just banned a price and Trump talk
from all podcasts
[Music]
this dental update is brought to you by
quips q u i p you don't need a big
expensive toothbrush to get the oral
care you need get the same refreshing
clean with something simpler it'll give
you the most the best brushing
experience you've ever had the words
exciting and toothbrush have literally
never been used in the same sentence
until now introducing quip the new
company that's refreshing the way people
brush their teeth quip is an electric
toothbrush that packs premium vibration
and timer features into an ultra slim
design that it's half the cost of
bulkier brushes it's basically like
Apple designed a toothbrush but without
the big price tag you have to see it and
brush with it to experience it yourself
you can even subscribe to receive new
brush heads on a dentist recommended
three month plan for just five dollars a
month including its awesome free
shipping quip is backed by leading
dentists and was named as one of Time
Magazine's best inventions of 2016 they
want a 2016 GQ grooming award and made
it on oprah's 2017 new year's o list
equip starts just $25 that is a fraction
of what these other electric
toothbrushes go for right now go to
equip get quipped calm GE t qu i p.com
slash mom to get your first refill pack
free with a quip electric toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash mom GE t qu IP comm
/ m om thank you quip so Greg we're big
dental fans here we like knowing what's
going on inside people's mouths I'd like
to know have you been to the dentist
recently
yes rush and floss recently the wooden
tooth it's not here yeah got it out five
days ago
well here I think was that day No yeah
what yeah what yeah he didn't bother me
didn't bother me wait before we get to
the detail of this how are you a regular
like are you good at oral care do you
floss floss every day thank God because
I've got a couple of niches in between
my molars that just they just fill up I
eat anything and I've got something in
those in those spots it drives me crazy
and so I love the little handheld
flossing devices I like those I like
them I keep those in my bag and then I
floss every night I brush at least three
times a day I'm consumed with having bad
breath because when people have bad
breath I can't hang out with them
anymore
dude it's ruined a few like people that
I want to hang out yes it's all I think
about
yeah their breath one of them like I'd
like a friend and I'm just like I don't
know it's weird like I can't write that
off we both wrote down three names of
comedians with bad breath they would
cross over
I bet let's do that okay when we're off
the air so anyway so I go in and I was
feeling this pain when I bite on the
right side of my mouth and so I went in
and and and I swore in hell I would you
go to Dennis do you go regularly yeah I
go once a year okay okay and oh I take
my teeth very seriously yeah yes I'm
saying you know very surprised because I
only ask because of the range of ant
like some people come in here or they'll
email in and they'll be like haven't
been to Dennis in 10 years yeah and then
they go because you guys talk about all
the time I just decided to go and we get
the full range some people like I had 26
cavities right and some people were like
you wouldn't believe it I haven't been
in ten years nothing yeah I'm fine right
anyway I have very hard teeth I didn't
get a lot of cavities in my life my
mom's got hard teeth we don't get
cavities
they're very white is that natural I
don't know I use toothbrush with the
whitener in it maybe I mean what hit me
no smiling but we don't but this one's
fake this got knocked out and and they
put it in and that was when I was 15 and
it's still going strong amazing now what
about veneer work porcelain no nothing
like that
no bondings
landings yeah so yours you're feeling a
pain I'm feeling a pain when I bite and
I'm convinced it's my second molar top
right yeah and so I go in and the guy
takes takes like a q-tip and he says
bike down they keep fighting down and
I'm not feeling the pain and he keeps
going and then he goes back to the
wisdom tooth and I bite on that and
there's the pain and so it was like this
phantom thing where I thought it was
this tooth but it was the other one yeah
yeah so then he goes alright well you
know we can we can he says he I think
his cracked he said and so because I I
do to have filling in that one so the
wall of it was too thin
so he goes alright we're gonna pull it
next week and so I go home and then that
week I'm chewing and all sudden I want
something hard and it was the outside
piece of the wisdom tooth had fallen off
and I crunched down and here's the
amazing amazing thing about the human
tooth dental system you will be biting
full-speed what is that 20 miles an hour
you bite sure and then if something is
in there that's hard your teeth stop in
a nano millimeter yeah before crushing
down isn't that incredible yeah yeah
yeah and it just stops and even when
you're fat stop and so so I went in and
he he went in to pull it out and he shot
me with the novocaine and all I'm asking
is in advance I'm like so can I get like
barbiturates or whatever can I get some
oh yeah and he's like I don't think you
really need it I'm gone you know I'm
pretty pain sensitive and I'm really not
but I want to get them and give them to
my friends and so uh and so he goes in
it he's like gives me the penicillin
shot and that not penicillin the numbing
thing the novocaine novocaine and then
and then he's picking her he's poking
around and then all sudden he holds it
in front of me it took like three
minutes he just popped it right out and
then you know gave me some gauze to chew
on and I did three shows that night oh
my gosh with the gauze in my mouth oh
here here in LA and then I and then I
went out the next day I took the gun you
know I said the guys out overnight
tonight
stay I was I was fine and I haven't any
pain some people get wisdom teeth out
and for whatever reason it's it's
infected and they have pain for
something back then when I when I had
mine taken out they weaved in some cloth
that had a painkiller but it had a clove
clover clove yes and I I absolutely
cannot stand it so I was driving around
like and tasting the clove taste yeah
and I had to I called I was like you
have to put something else in like I'm
gonna I'm gonna be not I'm gonna throw
up and so I had to go in they had to
weave it back I never I've never heard
this story twelve years and I never knew
this about your dental history time well
yo you always get something exciting and
fun with a dental update so now you do a
dental episode not every episode it's
we've probably done I don't know 50 I
mean we like to do it's funny like we we
aligned with this company where we're
both they're like trying to make oral
care more of the part of the
conversation and we naturally did this
been doing this for years like we just
bring it up because I think we're just
no I don't someone started and no it
started as a joke it was known as a joke
red bands houses I had I put the veneer
stuff or some dental work done no I had
a crown replaced my point is that and it
was so boring to talk about on the
podcast that we made it a segment do
pitous thing anybody could talk about if
that's a point of fascination yeah it's
like and it really is interesting to
hear people's take on like it's it's so
extreme it's there are people who come
sit here and they're like don't brush
don't do anything now you're like yeah
it's just I don't know it's like one of
those things that you take for granted
that someone's probably gonna take care
of it and well it is like old people one
of the first things they'll tell you is
take care of your teeth yes we get old
that shit starts popping out you're in
pain i I've asked I always ask whenever
I go to any type of medical professional
as soon as you get that rapport going
with like the nurse I'm always like tell
me some wild shit like
what and they told me that like I go
what's the craziest thing you see here
in the dentist's office and they're
always like oh it's old people who have
neglected it smells bad they said no
some of them will tilt their head back
and there's just food packed in like
it's not describable smell it's a it's
the most nauseating thing you've ever
seen and you got to get it and then the
dentist's assistant has to get in there
with the floss and flossing out even
imagine the smells and you're right for
a suicidal boss number one wants to be
there as monotonous people are afraid
when they re there I mean I catch myself
in a chair and I go oh my god every
muscle in my body is tensed right now
and they pick up on that yeah as opposed
to being a comedian where well how
fucking great is our job people come in
they drink they relax they and and it's
also like I was thinking about this like
we're not that good what what we do is
not that good because we learn over time
to become and act like we know what
we're doing but the truth is those two
or three hundred people are sitting
there with an agenda yeah they are there
to laugh it's like when you go to a sad
movie you're there to cry I don't cry
when I go to a sad movie I cry right so
when I go to a comedy show it doesn't
matter how funny the person is I paid
you know whatever they're paying to get
in 20 bucks 25 bucks and two drinks
they're fucking laughing right right
maybe but then again there's the the I
dare you to make me laugh people - yeah
but that's not most of them if they're
watching your special someone TV instead
for you yeah it's a challenge yes
yeah the best as many of you you're
getting these now different dynamic the
emails that I get emails like I press
play on your on your special knowing
that it would suck cool and then they're
like I gotta admit I did laugh and I was
totally not expecting - you're not
you're not as shitty as I thought you
and you know they think that they're
being clever yeah but it really is so
annoying
it's sewing those um emails yeah or
after shows when somebody comes to go
hey you weren't that bad it's like just
walk just fucking walk away yeah yeah I
was the one that I always tell is like
the pretty like they're like you're
pretty funny and you're like would you
would you honestly walk up to another
human being and qualify a compliment
like yeah like would you approach a
woman be like you know you're not
bad-looking yeah you know it's like like
the way that you're saying that is such
a shitty tone to say like well it means
that that guy probably sees himself as a
funniest guy in his office and you can't
give up the Alpha status that's really
interesting yeah I never I never thought
of it that way there's a lot of alpha
yeah I mean we're assuming alpha status
and it's same for you yeah you're
walking in and you're saying that's why
women do one of the many theories why
women are you know there's that thing it
was like women aren't funny and it's all
it's like well no it's that you won't
give over to the way I just described
people walking into club and sitting
down and gaming over I think there's a
criteria for who they will give it over
to as well and for men they don't want
to give up their alpha status yeah it's
a position of power to hold a microphone
and to be like you're listening to me
for the next hour of your life yeah and
also women aren't allowed to be loud
vulgar aggressive it's societally
frowned upon for a woman to assume
assert that kind of power yeah so acted
funny it's not sexually attractive how
threatened men are in all aspects of
like on social media I was thinking
about like all the shit talking like all
the hate it's all dudes and I really
have a more obviously skew more male
followers but like all the fucking hate
all the shit talking it's all guys yeah
it's all guys it's like unprompted
they're just pushing their issues on to
you yeah you know it's like whatever
they're attacking you for sometimes it's
like oh you know you have this nice
fucking shirt assholes and you're like
yeah what yeah you know or it's like
yeah you think you're so fucking funny
what about some guy wrote me like I did
some sarcastic post he was like easy to
say when you have
success and your wife has makes money in
that one like right
although when a woman criticizes me
she's almost always dead on that thing
you said it was actually kind of racist
yeah yeah you're right that's true I got
a lot of females criticising me now from
the special it's a lot of female on
female hey maybe it's that the sexes
feel more comfortable yeah yeah yeah cuz
guy the what I get from guys is like I
usually hate female comics but you're
funny like a guy's funny no I think
thank you you know like every other dumb
broad out there yeah good job
wow what a compliment by the way did you
pick up on this the David Cross thing
did you hear about this read about it
what happened how he was accused of
being racist but like in a tweet oh I
saw that it was an Asian comedic actress
Sharon I don't want to give this person
any thunder well I mean it's a known
story I think that you know David Cross
is his whole sensibility is ironic it's
like Sarah Silverman to call anything
she says his racist is like well then
you don't get what this person's doing
that's what I thought to me and the
other thing that I I want to say like
yeah we have to give some sense I mean
it's literally like me calling that guy
faggot as being homophobic right when I
say to the MC yeah that like that's
literally how out of context that's
that's what David Cross so the story of
people know is that the person the
comedic actress was I think I think it
was at a bar in on location before
shooting a movie as how I was gonna and
like people are getting together at the
bar uh-huh and that he approached and
she said that he was like he said
something to her and she was like
stunned by what she yeah he made fun of
her pants or something yeah and then he
was like you know what I speak Engrish
and then challenged her to a karate
fight and I was like yeah I you know I
just thought like but if you're because
you're a comp if the person who's saying
it was is a comedian yeah don't you
think that like if you know David Cross
that he is
actually plant-like playing the part of
that stupid person right in an
improvisational moment right like that's
how I was like wouldn't that be like
automatic it's a compliment that he
would think that you'd be okay with it
right right a hundred percent yeah and I
just felt like I don't know I mean I'm
not Asian so I don't have the right to
like say whether or not it's offensive
but I'm like it but I am a comic and I'm
like yeah like if if he came up to me
and started like doing what David Cross
does and like jumping into like a
character and insulting me like that's
supposed to be the fun thing that you're
like yeah oh yeah man like yeah yes and
it yeah yeah yeah like you go along with
it sure and to recount it 10 years later
be like that was so painful it just
sounded like I was like oh he's so weak
well that's the problem now with the
hold me to pound sign me to hashtag yeah
is that it's so undefined and it's such
an excuse for anybody to just bitch
about feeling slighted at some point
feeling slighted and being sexually
harassed are very different things yeah
or racial racially harass I mean the
whole problem is the non specificity
specificity specificity for instance if
you're gonna call someone a racist and
you're gonna do it on Twitter in 150
characters or less like is that really
fair to put someone on blast in two
sentences the answer is no racism you
know like to tell that story like we met
at the bar before like you know as a
like as a cast and then like to take all
the nuance out of the conversation yeah
it's racist well it's also a misuse of
the word racist because racism is the
the the person who has the power using
that power to objectify or oppress the
person of another race unless it's a
lesser race the superior race right
acting superior basically is a crime
yeah we earned it yeah look we only
fucked within our thin gene pool for
thousands
years so we could be better yeah but I
mean but I mean racism is the acting out
of a prejudice yeah so just making it up
not even say say David Cross was in it
for an of the most liberal outspokenly
you know Democratic guy if he say this
in one moment of his life decided to be
a racist he didn't do anything about it
he didn't keep her from getting in a
movie or on stage there's no crime and I
think he is one of the most liberal he
is like really he and his wife followed
him on Instagram yeah he's sweet I doubt
that and what the hash tag me to think
I'd like to know what the stories are I
feel like if it's not specific it's like
what's what is how is this helping
people there you go because in sharing
stories that's how people help each
other that's an Asian woman by the way
yeah well she was no she this woman is
actually talking about how how she said
that like that she'll fight your ass
even though I let her say it a bitch
where I'm so cute about it here I might
look a little bit more chicken chong
ching cha but don't get me fucked up
bitch i'm still heard of shit and will
fuck your ass up okay you wanna fuck
with my money huh you wanna fuck with my
money oh I fucking love that yeah yeah
so that's a character yeah she's a she's
a real hood ass chick Rick what does she
look like she's uh I guess I think
Chinese Vietnamese and but she like from
New York and talks like like super
ghetto yeah and then she was like I
might look like I'll change I'll fuck
your ass up you want to fuck with my
mind fuck with me me you want to fuck me
man me me oh me oh me me me me so that's
because Vietnamese right yeah me me I
don't maymay is her name I don't know
mm-hmm
yeah the Vietnamese gangs are badass
they were notoriously a started coming
over here in like the 90s I forget why
there was like an influx of Vietnamese
gangs
and the cops would talk about how you
know it all started with like you know
the Italian mobsters right and that
mafia we're really they just they killed
other fat guys it wasn't there wasn't
too much and then Along Came like you
know inner-city Crips and bloods and
they were killing other bystanders got
killed a lot but then these Vietnamese
gangs came along and they said these
motherfuckers were scarier than any of
the other gangs because these guys would
just black fucking open fire there we do
is all kinds of hits going on and and
they said they were they were really
fucking tough and then of course the
Russians came just like trumped everyone
and then you know I remember when we
were kids like the big thing when I was
growing up my mother's Peruvian is we
would always reverie one referred to the
Colombians as like the most savage yeah
because they're like the cartels and
they're like they're so violent and then
they were definitely I mean they look
like fucking kindergartners next to the
Mexican cartels yeah there's so much way
more savagery and the Mexican cartels
like fucking will kill a whole kid like
school full of kids and all the teachers
and stabbed notes into them so that when
the cops come the notes are stabbed into
the kids dead bodies no she yeah really
yeah because like they were trying to
oppress the cartel in that area crazy
shit like that you know that's like in
wait like but I'm saying like left over
yeah you know what let's like member
Apocalypse Now when at the end he's
talking about how the Americans would
send medical units in to try to treat
the Vietnamese who had I forget what
disease they had but they gave him shots
of penicillin and then the Warlord's
would come in and they would chop off
the children's arms that got the shot
and then that's when Marlon Brando said
well thanks
[Music]
mudafucka so this guy last week try to
tell us tell the internet that if you
want to feel horny you should take 10 to
12 benadryl that's what we thought
crazy person like you wanna be horny 10
to 12 benadryl
that alone would send me the hospital
before you have sex horny for 2 or 3
hours like you've never been in your
life you have access to marijuana to
good weed listen to me okay true weed
alone can get you really hornier the
normal but it's been on drill take about
10-12 benadryl before you want to have
your sexual fun with your partner or
whatever you do masturbate all right so
this guy I'm thinking it's the latter
this guy is he - in the balloon he's
he's real he's good he they sent him
some more videos of him so he's going
for he's really going for it but this
this person that's wrong women
I heard the most recent podcast I needed
to share when I was in high school
somebody told me you took a bunch of
Bennet
I'll give you a pleasant hi I'm not sure
what is wrong with that women's
wrestling guy because it was truly one
of the worst experiences of my life
in movies they often show acid and
mushrooms is terrifying inducing
terrifying visuals which they don't for
most people unfortunately this is
exactly what happened when somebody felt
like it was on fire I could not tell
what was real what wasn't I was talking
to people I believe were there and I
would look back and they were gone when
I would walk into a different room I
would think I was somewhere else on a
different day oh my god towards the end
I was chasing the tarantula around the
room trying to kill it with a broom
considering this guy has done this a lot
he must be a special kind of crazy keep
your dosage is low when experimenting
with drugs or new masturbation
techniques doctor lees I bet he didn't
sneeze once though yeah it's the upside
on the bright side you this could you
imagine dude I mean this guy's fucked up
well can you imagine watching the video
and then going all trials yeah this is
the string from his shorts obviously it
goes to my pants rip this apart can you
feel those magnets a little atomic
magnets that make molecules and their
molecules stick to molecules now no they
don't
[Music]
he also turns out he's really pissed off
at women in general I know why I was
gonna say I mean when I see a waste of
human existence like that you think
about how much work it took for his
mommy to make him and care and then
you're like this is what you're fucking
doing with your life you suck well all
you Eman are the reason that I'm done I
take fucking 30 benadryl at once at
night you want to get horny enjoying
myself sexually without and then there's
the jealousy and rage this you have over
even lesbians I'm Joe
of you even so she sees but you get to
be hornier and grow up sexually and
mature sexually because you've had real
pussy in your face and I haven't I gotta
keep watching the fucking videos on
YouTube I spent thousands of dollars in
my life on female wrestling and little
girls do that all the time man and post
it on YouTube and it's more fun and it's
free but the fucking that sucks the
quality and everything else
he's his little girl I think he's saying
he watches female wrestling yeah and
that any chick woman can just make that
video her sit like she's grabbed her
friend we can get all the pussy in the
world he's saying but he can't so he's
jealous he's really yeah that's true he
hates his mommy his mommy mommy your
sexuality America fucking sucks these
guys let's talk about in America have
you ever left America inside of a woman
sir a better place for you isn't yeah in
America yeah it's America's fault yeah
yeah he doesn't have a passport you've
never left the town that he's from he
also thinks it's really stupid like it's
really lame to want to have traditional
sex in delight like what I have never in
my life wanted to stick my dick inside
of a woman and come that is the
stupidest nastiest dumbass thing I've
ever read to me it's no different almost
than having sex with a guy in the
asshole which is disgusting is fuck to
option three I would never so much my
families tried to get me to watch
regular porn my family even your porn
and your the way you make out and your
stupid boring fucking bullshit yeah
fucking all of your own by your woman
you're all a bunch of fucking pieces of
shit God doesn't love you and you
anymore you're fucked
oh my godness honey Here I am on the
planet with your motherfucker hmm have a
good day motherfucker so my mom used to
say when she threatened me oh yeah have
a nice fucking day
what she really yeah she like threatened
me already poor
and then we like have a nice fucking
it's a real crazy person's thing to do I
didn't realize that last one by the way
is solidified the level of that dudes
really are you saying well I mean the
trend of Benadryl yeah did you do not
doubt enough but I that would the end
there when he was like fuck you
motherfucker like that's I think this
guy not stumble onto meth at this point
I know thirty Bennett yeah already I
think the next step is meth yeah I think
that's the step before this like that's
an old step hard to get benadryl it's
not like it controls window like sooo
deaf sudafed is sooo difference in there
whatever yeah heaven will make mad a
nice fucking Bay when I met her you know
everyone's always like till you meet my
mom like that kind of thing yeah she was
like wait till you meet my mom please we
met at a restaurant and she was like
hello and this is like I was at blooming
this fucking cunt saleswoman I was like
[Music]
and she's like barely she's like barely
registering me she's like watching me
laugh and she's like I said fuck you you
fucking bitch we were in a public
restaurant in a restaurant she would
frequent and she would always get the
back booth so that people couldn't hear
her so she could really unleash yeah and
then Christine is like my she was like
what are her views on race super my
mother was super racist she would know
what she felt slighted but yeah so we
went to a sushi bar once and they sat us
in her opinion very close to the
restroom which not really but she was
too close to the toilet and so she got
mad at the waitress and she was like
this fucking gook bitch set me near the
fucking toilet fucking a fucking gook
and I was like oh so then we like got up
and stormed out and I had to follow her
like something's wrong
yeah she was always right and my
stepfather was Indian and he was racist
to ironically they're both dead now but
that's one of my favorite yeah like the
psychology of like these fucking
immigrants like your Indian step like
immigrated at like 25 or 30 like a grown
man yeah Pena's country is like we gotta
put these border whoa like he was like
yeah pro you know I mean like he
probably came in legally no no he fought
in our military he did and he came in
legally but he was a Republican and he
gave a lot of money to the Republican
Party and therefore felt that he was
kind of like you know I can a white guy
yeah bye-bye money and he kind of was
like in this country your economic
status determines a lot right how people
perceive you and he was a baller so yeah
Wow
that's crazy yeah he had pictures of the
five last Republican presidents signed
personally given him because that's how
much money he don't know or the party
yeah yeah shit what did he do for work
one of my friends growing up had a not
that this means it but his father was
Dominican and I they were like I was
like what is your dad do they live they
were very wealthy and import/export
import X that's the not on you man it's
on and it's like four years later it's
like well what is he through specific
import-export could you tell me what he
and mostly importing yeah distribution
yeah I was like hmm okay that was it
that was the most you ever got spending
a night at his house I was what do you
do
import-export oh yeah okay well it's
amazing because when you think about
World War two and the people that came
over here or even going back to you know
the turn of the 19th century when people
came over here and they had nothing and
and all of a sudden like you know you
got some guy who came over here like you
know I was reading this book about the
the famine in Ireland and like people
would come over here in like 1946 with
fuck you know zero and all of a sudden
they went to college and then they went
to got a doctor's license
oh it's banana and became wealthy
like I I hope my kids like just break
even I hope that they can move out of
the house at some point right right make
enough money to live on their own that's
Mike that's my goal for my kids sweet
can I ask right the question though
sidebar son's going to he's a winner
busy what your son's going to use a way
to describe yeah he should be well you
never know sometimes kids peak in high
school your daughter's gonna bring a
black guy to live with her but even if I
can definitely move on yeah I'm
expecting the black guy we're already
like you know putting hip-hop stuff
around the house it's just a matter
we've got some like you know some like
African elephant type statues and what
else do black people like get cookbooks
yeah wait I want to ask you a question
about the potato famine yeah that's what
you're reading about it yeah well
they're a fucking island why weren't
they fishing and eating fish we were
fishing we were growing a multitude of
crops but we were we were being held
hostage by the British who were who were
exporting 99% of our agriculture and
then selling it to other countries while
we literally a million people starved it
was a genocide we they literally you
know and so we were subsisting off the
potatoes and so when the potatoes went
bad they didn't give us any of the other
food we had giant pigs a giant
agricultural as well as livestock all
being exported and the Brits were like
fuckin let him die
let him died literally said there are
too many of them let them die and this
is what this was like in the 1840s
well the occupation lasted for hundreds
of years
yeah 1840s no the British you talk about
Nazi Germany the British are way worse
in terms of what they've done worldwide
colonizing and you know slaughtering all
kinds of native peoples oh yeah like the
Spanish - Spanish shit like my other
half yeah I can savages yeah I remember
I still remember I carried this with me
like those moments those conversations I
was in this
I was in school in Madrid like in
college day at class and they were like
how do you when I write the teacher work
the professor wrote you know when I
write United States what is the first
thing that comes to mind and a Spanish
didn't was like imperialism yes and
world dominance in other that and then
like what about Spain and they said some
other shit and I was like how about
imperialism yeah and he was like excuse
me and I'm like you have like 600
million people speak Spanish 2600 miles
away yeah things cuz they just like the
language yes you guys fucking just
destroyed the place the most ancient
civilizations the Aztecs and the Incas
destroyed their temples and their
everything their their speech they
didn't allow them to speak their native
language you know it's it's great
pillage took everything back yeah yeah
and then all the gold they're like you
guys are the imperialist like we learned
it from watching you dad yeah dad they
took all that gold yes because all that
gold in Central America and they just
card it and they and it's the the people
in Mexico they didn't fucking know of
course very the gold didn't mean
anything to them so next thing you know
they're hauling that shit out of the
ground with a gun to their head and
anyway this is this has gotten to be a
very dark I love it odd cast yeah I love
it
we're on the brink of civil war in this
country and listen we got to wrap things
up
Fitz dog radio if it's augggh podcast so
the show airs on Sirius XM as well
right yeah I have the Greg Fitzsimmons
show which has been on like 10 years now
on Howard Stern's channel fucking it's
actually the only other show on Stern's
channel that's crazy yeah so you have
that place Mondays at seven a five
o'clock on the West close so that'd be
awesome 100 101 101 and then the podcast
have been doing that for a while now
it's fantastic eight years when's my
episode airing I don't know maybe
tomorrow okay I'm not sure I think
tomorrow yeah and then time this airs
that's Fitz tone check out my pits dog
radio and Fitz dog calm and then I got
some tour dates kind of shoot those outs
of course all right I will be going to
let's see Spokane Washington November
2nd through the 4th and then I will be
in Atlanta Georgia at the punchline
November 16th no 17th through the 19th
the all-new Atlanta I know what do you
hear about it I heard good things
yeah yeah yeah I can't wait I like the
owners Tempe improv December 14 it's
great were 17 and then and I think I may
be adding some dates so go to Fitz
dot-com for more demos don't even know
and we say this you know we would say
this it's uncomfortable to say to the
president you're one of the best
community and the yes you matter I've
I've like I you're somebody who I 100
percent if you're on stage I want to
watch and then I feel badly about myself
ask me to Joe Rogan I were just talking
about Greg on on Joe show last week
whenever I did it and you're so
thoughtful and you're so intelligent and
you're so funny and it's hard to be all
those things and you're really yeah I
would say this you know we'll always
somebody comes in here will be like you
should go see their show you know you
shouldn't go and see all the shows we
tell you to go bullshit yeah Fitzsimmons
is so good if you love stand-up comedy
and you're in any of those cities you
should a hundred percent get a ticket
he's really one of the best so go see
him it's it's awesome
well you guys are the best that's very
sweet my head is very big right now
incredibly so full of dreams and don't
forget as you go to bed tonight thanks
for coming today man right appreciate it
guys we got a run thank you guys for
listening we'll see you next week bye
bye need to sit on different side to the
bus side to the bus
[Music]
I don't wonder why she turns now I don't
want to catch you and have a little
awkward
makes big shit small boat makes small
shit always gives me another side to the
brush side to the bus to the bus